Okay, so yesterday Enthropic released
the most incredible guide on writing
good effective cloud code skills that
everyone has seen. Now this covers a lot
of the key lessons that they learned
from making hundreds of skills that they
have in use across pretty much the
entire organization. I'll be breaking it
down with a bunch of nice images,
examples, and things that you can be
doing to improve your own skills and
workflows. All right, now starting out
they talk about why skills even matter
and that is because of the default
output problem. When you give a prompted
model, it will give you statistically
the most likely thing based on its
training data. And this can be good in
situations because if you're
implementing an authentication system,
you want to be given the most likely
most common authentication system
because it will work. You don't want the
model to be overly creative when it
comes to designing something that
important. You want to follow the
standard procedure that everyone else is
using. Now, the problem is when it comes
to things like design, it can lead to
bad output. For example, we've all seen
the purple gradient into font like same
layout AI looking design websites and
that is because of distributional
convergence in the training data. All
these examples of designs have been
blended and washed together that Claude
will only give the safe common patterns
that it finds. But by using a skill, you
can make the model sample differently
from its training data distribution. So
with the right words, you can basically
make it use unique fonts, move towards
experimental layouts or different kinds
of animations and essentially move it
away from the high probability boring
center to like a more specific and
creative regions of its training data.
So you can kind of think of skills as
being a way to differentiate yourself
from everyone else. So for example, if a
thousand people say build me a landing
page, they will all get pretty similar
designs from cloud code. But if everyone
has their own unique design skill that
is kind of influenced and contains
information about design they like and
also their own experiences and kind of
what they're after and their brand
guidelines and so forth, then everyone
will be seeing a different outcome. So
the way to think about skills is that
they're basically overriding the default
behavior and pushing the model to less
common and more specific parts of its
knowledge. You're kind of invoking a
different part of the model's latent
space to get better and more distinct
outcomes. Another way to imagine this is
that you will get the cloud code default
behavior by not using a skill and your
outputs will be very similar to pretty
much everyone else's over here. But a
skill is kind of like a forcing function
that forces the underlying distribution
to take a different shape and give you
different outcomes. So whilst the
knowledge that you're after does exist
in the model, for example, right over
here, it has a low probability. But by
using a skill, you're kind of activating
this low probability region over here to
give you different outcomes. Now, what
this means is that a bad skill would be
restating obvious behavior to Claude
code. You'd be restating something that
Claude already has a high probability of
being able to do and achieving. So, for
example, if I said make me a landing
page in a brand new project and I didn't
give it any additional information, then
it would give me a pretty generic AI
looking design right over here. And then
if I told Claude Code, okay, you know
what, like turn this into a skill. So, I
would trigger the skill creator and be
like, okay, turn this into a skill for
me. Then it would take that default
behavior, turn it into design related
skill and make all successive design
with that skill look very AI related.
Which means that the bad distribution
that would kind of look like this
without a skill would end up pushing up
to look more like this with a skill
instead. But good skills are pushing
claws to new outputs and then steering
the underlying distribution. And this
means that when you're making a skill,
you usually want to be encoding
something such as your own lived
experience, your own expertise, or
something that you found online. So, for
example, if you asked Claude, "Hey, can
you help me with marketing?" Then it
would give you really generic and boring
advice that won't really help you stand
out because everything that is trained
on already contains a lot of that advice
and people already following it. Now,
Claude does know like better marketing
advice and it does know how to do things
more uniquely. So if you gave it a few
examples, then you could turn that into
a skill because that skill would be
steering the underlying distribution to
give you better outputs more suitable
for your goal. And one of the common
ways that I've seen people do this is
that they listen to a really good
podcast episode that talks about an idea
that not many people are talking about.
And I kind of want to expand on this
idea and understand how it applies to
their projects and like start applying
it every single day. So they would get
the transcript of that podcast, turn
that into a skill and then triggering
that every time they're getting help
with claude for marketing. Now I have
talked about this idea in more detail a
few weeks ago at my claude code master
class which is the most comprehensive
class on claude code that you will find
online. Now I am working on the claude
skills class of the master class which
will be the most comprehensive class on
cloud skills that you will find. So if
you are interested there will be a link
down below to sign up. Now they say the
most valuable part of any skill is a
gotchas section. So things that Claude
has to be careful of when it comes to
using the skill and it's very similar to
hiring and training a brand new
employee. You wouldn't just give them
instructions and be like hey here's a
work and go do it. You would usually
tell them about things that they have to
watch out for things that will come back
and bite them. And basically all the
experience that you've gained so far in
doing the thing yourself. Similarly you
should be ingraining this knowledge into
your skills as well. So for example
let's say you made a skill to help you
draft customer support replies. You
might make the skill and then realize
that it starts promising like timelines
to customers of I promise that this will
be resolved in 24 hours and this is a
real failure that your customer support
people learned not to make and you did
not tell Claude the exact same thing. So
you would add to your skill like at the
bottom never promise specific timelines
say we're working hard on it and you
would use a skill again read for its
outputs it'd be improved and as you add
in more and more gotchas as well your
skill becomes like a rich knowledge base
that will be applied consistently over
time and this is exactly the flywheel
that makes skills more and more valuable
over time. A lot of people make a skill
once then they notice Claude makes one
mistake and then they never bother to
improve on the skill or add that as a
gotcha. So, by you taking the time to
add that to your skill, you will already
be doing better than most other people.
And the example that they use is they
have a skill for an internal billing
library that isn't really captured
inside Claude's default behavior. So, by
making it a skill, they will see Claude
does a better job at dealing with
anything billing related inside their
repository. Now, the first gotcha they
add is like prorations round down, not
near ascent. Then they add another for
like test mode, another one for like
keys. And a lot of this knowledge would
already be ingrained inside their heads
of engineers and employees. So ideally
you should be getting this knowledge,
this like implicit knowledge outside of
people's heads inside your claude
skills. Now next up they talk about
avoid railroading claude. And this is
very similar to another idea that I
talked about a few weeks ago in my
Claude code master class. But
essentially what many people do with
skills and just claude in general is
they give it a really rigid set of
instructions because a lot of people
like say skills are kind of like recipes
or you want to give it some workflows,
instructions and this can be helpful in
some situations when there's a very
specific way of doing things. But in
other situations, it's not as flexible
or versatile. So for example, let's say
you made a skill to help you interview
candidates and it came up with a bunch
of questions that you should use. A bad
skill would kind of be like write free
behavioral questions, write free
technical questions and like write one
culture fit question. So this is really
rigid and it doesn't allow for any
flexibility. Now what would happen is
that if you used a skill like this, a
senior architect would get very similar
questions to a junior intern and you
won't really be able to pull out the
best in them. Essentially you have a
rigid recipe that gives you identical
outputs regardless of the context. So
you want to take a more goal oriented
approach where you give Claude some
information and the flexibility to
adapt. So a better example would kind of
be like prepare interview questions for
this role. Test for what actually
predict success here. Here are the
traits our best hires have had. And then
you give it a bunch of relevant context
for your organization and then you will
find your interview questions are much
better for whichever roles that people
are applying for. And if you notice its
output being bad, then you can go back
to previous section and then add the
gotchas such as never ask family related
questions or something. Which means that
in many situations, it can be better to
take a goal first approach with context
than to take a constraint first approach
instead. And to relate this to the
distribution thing that I said before,
the way that I imagine this in my mind
is that when you railroad cloud, then
you're basically collapsing this wider
distribution that it has for creating
like a creative solution, an optimized
solution, and so forth. You're
collapsing this down into a really rigid
like small path. Instead, you basically
eliminate all optionality and you have
no room for cloud to make its own
judgment. Now, next up, you want to make
use of progressive disclosure and you
don't want to cram every single thing
into the single skill.mmd file. So, for
example, if you had a content
repurposing skill, then you know that
different types of content does well on
different platforms. What works on
LinkedIn will not necessarily work on
YouTube or Twitter. So, you would have
your main skill.md outlining any gotchas
and the main goal to avoid railroading
clawed. And then you would have separate
markdown files inside like a formats
folder that contains information on
effective LinkedIn posts, effective
newsletters, and then Twitter threads
and so forth. And that means that if you
were repurposing one bit of content,
then Claude wouldn't be able to load in
only the files that are relevant. Which
means that if you wanted something
repurposed from a newsletter to a
LinkedIn post, then Claude will be able
to load in only those files that are
relevant, keeping the context window
high signal and avoid adding irrelevant
noise to the context window. Now the way
I do this in my skills is that I have
reference files. So I have one file for
kernel tuning. I have another one for
operations like certifica management.
And this is helpful because cloud code
may not always be troubleshooting
something and just needs to know some
operation stuff instead. Which means
that only the irrelevant context will be
loaded in when it needs to be. Now next
up, your skill descriptions should be
routing logic for Claude and not marked
copy. So many people write their skill
descriptions kind of like they were
advertising their skill to human for
example or telling a team member of like
what exactly it does. So a bad
description would be something like a
comprehensive tool for monitoring poll
request status across the deployment
life cycle. But you may notice that
Claude may not know when to trigger the
skill because it doesn't mention any
other keywords that a user would be
mentioning in their query. But a good
skill description would be something
like monitors a PR until it merges
triggers on babysit watch CI make sure
this lands and then Claude can
semantically match any user question or
query to a skill easily. And you can
kind of see this in this skill that I
have which is a image cleanup skill for
my Ray OS folder. And it says over here
triggers on clean up images, delete
unused images, flatten images, tidy up
images and so forth. And these are all
semantically similar to things that I
would potentially say when I want my
images cleaned up in this project. Now,
you also want to be improving your
skills with scripts that Claude can run.
And this is especially important for
skills that are fetching data and using
data from an external source because
otherwise if you just give it an API key
and say like go figure it out then
claude will spend a bunch of time
looking at the API documentation
figuring out how to make the requests
and stuff and if you don't save that
information inside of the skill then
that can lead to wasted tokens and time
every single time that skill is
triggered in the future. But if Claude
has pre-built functions in a library
file, then it can simply compose them
together in the right way to analyze the
data and give you insights rather than
wasting tokens and potentially being
distracted by the fact it has to figure
out how an API works. And a practical
example would be something like let's
say I wanted to make a skill that would
combine my YouTube analytics and then my
Stripe data and then also post hog as
well for the website to figure out which
videos are driving most of the traffic
and sales to my applications. What I can
do is I can basically make a read only
API key for cloud code. I'll give it
read only access to everything because I
don't want to doing something crazy. And
then I can copy this API key, give it
cloud code, which should be fine because
it's a read only. And then I can say
something like using the stripe API key
and also super data, can you figure out
which of my recent videos have been
driving most of the sales, can you
correlate the like release date with the
revenue that came the days after? I
think there's also some metadata
attached to checkout that should help
you with that. And then once you figured
out how to use the API effectively, can
you turn that into a set of scripts that
you can call reliably so that you don't
always have to make up the requests
every single time. And then I can go to
something like super data for example,
give an API key from there as well and
then also give it a link to the
documentation as well. And finally, I
can trigger the skill critter skill by
just doing /skill critter and say make
this into a skill. Now you can see that
Claude code is trying to figure out with
a bunch of Python code and testing all
these scripts that it should make and
run. Okay, so now finished making me the
skill with a bunch of Python files that
I can use next time to run through the
skill faster and focus more on the
results rather than building out the
scaffolding pipeline to gather that
data. And the final report kind of looks
like this. So it looks pretty good to
me. And then the scripts kind of look
like this. So we have a stripe API
script. We also have a report HTML
template that can use every single time
and then we have a end that contains API
keys going forwards. Now they also talk
about using ondemand hooks with cloud
skills. And if you don't know much about
cloud hooks then I have a whole video
about that in my cloud code masterass
linked down below. But essentially what
you can do with cloud hooks is restricts
the scope or access of the skill to make
it more secure going forwards. Now, one
of the problems in the skill that we
just made so far is that cloud code may
decide like, okay, I'm going to gather
some other data or I'm going to edit
this Python script around and then read
the environment variable directly or
something like that. Then it might
decide to access a random website on the
internet and maybe get prompt injected
and give our API key away. So, we can
make our skill even more secure with a
bunch of cloud hooks. So the way we do
this is we can use a cloud hook to
restrict claude code to only being able
to run those scripts and then banning
pretty much everything else. And hooks
are defined at the top in the front
matter. But writing hooks manually is
like kind of tedious. So we can get
Claude code to make them for us. And the
way we do this is by triggering the
Claude code guide sub agent and then we
can describe the behavior that we want.
Can you make a hook for the skill that
will basically restrict the skill to
only being able to use those Python
files? It should not be able to read the
env. It should not be able to do any
color requests or access data online or
do like a web fetch or something like
that. It should only be able to use
those scripts and then make a HTML file
for us. Basically add any relevant hooks
that blocks any behavior that is not
what I just described. All right. So now
we can see that it made a bunch of hooks
to block any kind of web access. uh
editing the library files that we made
earlier, reading the environment
variables and a bunch of other stuff. So
this will make our skill even more
secure going forwards and it will make
sure that it only does a behavior that
is expected of the skill. All right, so
next up, you may also want to add some
kind of log file or storage to your
skills so it can help remember earlier
things that have happened the last time
it ran. Or for example, you may have a
skill that helps you write content and
any previous suggestions or outputs that
are bad are stored into one log file or
data file and then anything that you
have previously written about and
published before is stored into another
file. So the skill knows not to write
about the same topic again. Or if it
does write about the same topic, then it
knows to write about it from a different
angle perhaps. And essentially this will
help ensure continuity between skill
runs because a skill will know what it
did the last time it was called. And
this can either take the form of a JSON
file, a simple log file, TX txt file, or
like a SQL light database. And then you
can either commit this so the rest of
the team can use it or you can do get
ignore so that everyone has their own
copy for when the skill last ran. And if
you tell cloud code to add this to your
skill MD uh called claude plug-in data,
then it will store it reliably on your
computer somewhere such that if the
skill was updated from the like external
plug-in library, then the data would not
be lost. Okay. Okay, now combining
everything that we talked about so far,
we want to be thinking of skills more as
operational packages for completing a
specific task. And that means that they
should contain any scripts, assets,
reference files, configuration, and also
any data from the last time that they
ran. Essentially, it's kind of like
having an employee whose sole role is to
do one particular task. And the people
who you are treating skills like this
are getting the most value out of them.
And you will also notice the best skills
fall cleanly into one category. You
shouldn't have skills trying to span too
many categories or complete too many
different distinct tasks at once. They
should only be focused on doing their
particular task really well. The analogy
that I personally find helpful is that
each skill is kind of like its own mini
application that has a specific goal. So
one skill may be for gathering data from
a certain source and then just making a
nice visual out of it. Another skill
would be only dedicated to finding the
relevant websites of competitors. For
example, another skill they have is
gathering data from data dog, for
example. And that would of course be
different from their bug hunting skill.
And their bug hunt skill may realize
that they need to use the data dog skill
to gather more data about what the bug
should be. So skills should be able to
combine together and you should be
having complimentary skills rather than
overlapping skills. Now, finally, if
you're going to be sharing your skills,
you may want to consider having a setup
wizard inside your skill. Now let's say
I wanted to share my video revenue
report skill with some friends who want
to run it on their own data or YouTube
channels. Then I can make a nice like
config.json file here. And then I can
have something like this YouTube channel
ID and YouTube channel handle. And then
in my skill.md I can have something like
this. So it says your config. And what
this command does is it's a batch
command that loads in the data from the
config file the skill folder that I
have. If there's no config file, then it
will just say not configured. And then
if I edit this, I can basically say ask
the user what their channel handle is
and then use that and the super data API
to find their channel ID and update the
config. Now, this can be really handy
for skills that are shared widely within
an organization and everyone is using
the same skill but need slightly
different config. But if you're not
really sharing your skills with others
or in an organization, then there's no
real point in doing this. Anyways,
there's a bunch more information in the
article that I will be covering later on
this week in my Claude code skills
class. So, if you are interested in
signing up to it, then it will be
available within my Claude Code master
class. And there are a bunch of other
classes that you may find handy about
prompt engineering, context engineering,
my own daily workflows, and a bunch more
things as well. You also do get access
to free videos from the class if you
sign up to my Claude Code newsletter.
And you also get many insights from me
whenever I discover